# Brain Blossom Mental Health
A website that displays accessible, beginner-friendly information on mental health, including how to recognize common issues and manage stress, presented in a supportive and organised layout.


##  The Vision
Brain Blossom is a informative, well presented website that gives the user begginner-friendly information about mental health issues and offers adive on how to recognise issues and deal with stress. The site uses relaxing colours and a calming, soft layout.

## 🛠️ Features
- **Responsive & Cross-Browser**: Tested across Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and mobile devices to ensure a universal experience.
- **Mailing List**: Added a form for the user to sign up to a mailing list. 



## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3,
- **Accessibility:** ARIA Landmarks, Semantic HTML, Screen-reader optimized
- **Design:** Simplistic UI with clear information and links
- **Framework:** Bootstrap

## 📁 Project Structure
- `index.html`: Semantic structure
- `style.css`: Layout
- `/assets`: Images


### **Content & Media**
- **Images:** Generated by CoPilot AI, GettyImages

### **Technical Tools**
- **Version Control:** Managed via GitHub
### **Technical Support**
- **AI Mentorship:** Assisted by Microsoft CoPilot for debugging, content generation, Git conflict resolution and JS implementation. I used Co-Pilot to break down bootstrap code to understand it and make alterations to meet the requirements for the webpage. 


---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
* **HTML5:** Structural backbone.
* **CSS3:** Styling and Organising the content.
* **Git/GitHub:** Deployment and version history.
* **W3C/Jigsaw:** Code validation.

## Reflections

* **Workflow :** Using CoPilot I first generated all the written content that I required for the project. The content was then organised into my index.html document. Using bootstrap frameworks I implimented various design elements, organising the content into sections. With the help of Microsoft CoPilot to breakdown and understand the code, I altered the frameworks to fit the intended aesthetic and spacing of the webpage. 